mortality prediction in intensive care units with the super icu learner algorithm (sicula): a population-based study.
prognostic value of red blood cell distribution width in acute pancreatitis patients admitted to intensive care units: an analysis of a publicly accessible clinical database mimic ii.
mimic-iii, a freely accessible critical care database.
multiparameter intelligent monitoring in intensive care ii: a public-access intensive care unit database.
heuristics to determine ventilation times of icu patients from the mimic-ii database.
accessing the public mimic-ii intensive care relational database for clinical research.
leveraging a critical care database: selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor use prior to icu admission is associated with increased hospital mortality.
adaptive online monitoring for icu patients by combining just-in-time learning and principal component analysis.
[clinical data mining by exploring public mimic-ii intensive care database].
n-gram support vector machines for scalable procedure and diagnosis classification, with applications to clinical free text data from the intensive care unit.
predictive value of ionized calcium in critically ill patients: an analysis of a large clinical database mimic ii.
using demographic and time series physiological features to classify sepsis in the intensive care unit.
lower short- and long-term mortality associated with overweight and obesity in a large cohort study of adult intensive care unit patients.
using information theory to identify redundancy in common laboratory tests in the intensive care unit.
a web-based data visualization tool for the mimic-ii database.
open-access mimic-ii database for intensive care research.
fuzzy modeling to predict severely depressed left ventricular ejection fraction following admission to the intensive care unit using clinical physiology.
customization of a severity of illness score using local electronic medical record data.
efficient and sparse feature selection for biomedical text classification via the elastic net: application to icu risk stratification from nursing notes.
icuarm-an icu clinical decision support system using association rule mining.
robust monitoring of hypovolemia in intensive care patients using photoplethysmogram signals.
scalable predictive analysis in critically ill patients using a visual open data analysis platform.
false ventricular tachycardia alarm suppression in the icu based on the discrete wavelet transform in the ecg signal.
calcium supplementation improves clinical outcome in intensive care unit patients: a propensity score matched analysis of a large clinical database mimic-ii.
predicting in-hospital mortality of icu patients: the physionet/computing in cardiology challenge 2012.
an artificial intelligence tool to predict fluid requirement in the intensive care unit: a proof-of-concept study.
mimic ii: a massive temporal icu patient database to support research in intelligent patient monitoring.
hypotension risk prediction via sequential contrast patterns of icu blood pressure.
reproducing a prospective clinical study as a computational retrospective study in mimic-ii.
prediction of acute hypotensive episodes by means of neural network multi-models.
septic shock prediction for icu patients via coupled hmm walking on sequential contrast patterns.
predicting hyperlactatemia in the mimic ii database.
designing optimal mortality risk prediction scores that preserve clinical knowledge.
investigating resuscitation code assignment in the intensive care unit using structured and unstructured data.
real-time prognosis of icu physiological data streams.
fluid choice matters in critically-ill patients with acute pancreatitis: lactated ringer's vs. isotonic saline.
use of electronic health record data to evaluate the impact of race on 30-day mortality in patients admitted to the intensive care unit.
ecg signal quality during arrhythmia and its application to false alarm reduction.
fuzzy risk stratification and risk assessment model for clinical monitoring in the icu.
prediction of early unplanned intensive care unit readmission in a uk tertiary care hospital: a cross-sectional machine learning approach.
risk stratification of icu patients using topic models inferred from unstructured progress notes.
platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio: a novel prognostic factor for prediction of 90-day outcomes in critically ill patients with diabetic ketoacidosis.
prediction of extubation failure for neonates with respiratory distress syndrome using the mimic-ii clinical database.
predicting icu hemodynamic instability using continuous multiparameter trends.
[acute hypotensive episodes prediction based on non-linear chaotic analysis].
is there opportunity for automated decision-support and closed-loop control in icu patients receiving vasopressor infusion?
prediction of mortality from respiratory distress among long-term mechanically ventilated patients.
early warnings of heart rate deterioration.
predicting acute hypotensive episodes: the 10th annual physionet/computers in cardiology challenge.
predicting intervention onset in the icu with switching state space models.
a physiological time series dynamics-based approach to patient monitoring and outcome prediction.
prediction of sepsis in the intensive care unit with minimal electronic health record data: a machine learning approach.
estimating patient's health state using latent structure inferred from clinical time series and text.
predicting postoperative acute respiratory failure in critical care using nursing notes and physiological signals.
temporal phenome analysis of a large electronic health record cohort enables identification of hospital-acquired complications.
an investigation of patterns in hemodynamic data indicative of impending hypotension in intensive care.
using electronic health record collected clinical variables to predict medical intensive care unit mortality.
predicting respiratory instability in the icu.
analysis of locality-sensitive hashing for fast critical event prediction on physiological time series.
phenotyping hypotensive patients in critical care using hospital discharge summaries.
phenome based analysis as a means for discovering context dependent clinical reference ranges.
red blood cell distribution width and neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio are associated with outcomes of adult subarachnoid haemorrhage patients admitted to intensive care unit.
wavelet based time series forecast with application to acute hypotensive episodes prediction.
standardizing clinical laboratory data for secondary use.
robust estimation of respiratory rate via ecg- and ppg-derived respiratory quality indices.
predictive value of lactate in unselected critically ill patients: an analysis using fractional polynomials.
development and evaluation of predictive alerts for hemodynamic instability in icu patients.
lower mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration is associated with poorer outcomes in intensive care unit admitted patients with acute myocardial infarction.
mortality prediction in septic shock patients: towards new personalized models in critical care.
an early respiratory distress detection method with markov models.
robust algorithm to locate heart beats from multiple physiological waveforms by individual signal detector voting.
antipyretic therapy in critically ill patients with sepsis: an interaction with body temperature.
a methodology for prediction of acute hypotensive episodes in icu via a risk scoring model including analysis of st-segment variations.
discriminative and distinct phenotyping by constrained tensor factorization.
hypoxic hepatitis - its biochemical profile, causes and risk factors of mortality in critically-ill patients: a cohort study of 565 patients.
a data mining approach to reduce the false alarm rate of patient monitors.
reducing false alarm rates for critical arrhythmias using the arterial blood pressure waveform.
a hypotensive episode predictor for intensive care based on heart rate and blood pressure time series.
effect of antipyretic therapy on mortality in critically ill patients with sepsis receiving mechanical ventilation treatment.
collective experience: a database-fuelled, inter-disciplinary team-led learning system.
hypotension as a risk factor for acute kidney injury in icu patients.
quick chronic liver failure-sequential organ failure assessment: an easy-to-use scoring model for predicting mortality risk in critically ill cirrhosis patients.
establishment and validation of gv-saps ii scoring system for non-diabetic critically ill patients.
development of a novel score for the prediction of hospital mortality in patients with severe sepsis: the use of electronic healthcare records with lasso regression.
a predictive model for medical events based on contextual embedding of temporal sequences.
reducing false arrhythmia alarm rates using robust heart rate estimation and cost-sensitive support vector machines.
a computational approach to mortality prediction of alcohol use disorder inpatients.
prediction using patient comparison vs. modeling: a case study for mortality prediction.
scoring model to predict outcome in critically ill cirrhotic patients with acute respiratory failure: comparison with meld scoring models and clif-sofa score.
large-scale physiological waveform retrieval via locality-sensitive hashing.
assessing the comorbidity gap between clinical studies and prevalence in elderly patient populations.
photoplethysmography-based method for automatic detection of premature ventricular contractions.
mortality prediction model of septic shock patients based on routinely recorded data.
latent topic discovery of clinical concepts from hospital discharge summaries of a heterogeneous patient cohort.
clinicaltime: identification of patients with acute kidney injury using temporal abstractions and temporal pattern matching.
comparison between invasive and non-invasive blood pressure in young, middle and old age.
hemodynamic-impact-based prioritization of ventricular tachycardia alarms.
a simple method to extract key maternal data from neonatal clinical notes.
clinical predictive modeling development and deployment through fhir web services.
discharge recommendation based on a novel technique of homeostatic analysis.
high-performance detection and early prediction of septic shock for alcohol-use disorder patients.
a study of neural word embeddings for named entity recognition in clinical text.
optimal medication dosing from suboptimal clinical examples: a deep reinforcement learning approach.
a computational approach to early sepsis detection.
word sense disambiguation in the clinical domain: a comparison of knowledge-rich and knowledge-poor unsupervised methods.
diagnosis code assignment: models and evaluation metrics.
external phenome analysis enables a rational federated query strategy to detect changing rates of treatment-related complications associated with multiple myeloma.
predicting patient's trajectory of physiological data using temporal trends in similar patients: a system for near-term prognostics.
